# ChunChunMaru

ChunChunMaru (ちゅんちゅん丸/啾啾丸) is a Minecraft resource pack project.

WIP.

## Why?

Since a few years ago, Mojang has been updating resource packs more and more frequently, and the authors of the packs need to redraw or rename the textures when updating. This is a totally boring and useless task that takes a lot of time. I don't want to waste that time on these things. So I created this project to keep the contents of my favorite resource packs up to date.

## Principle

This project creates some generic methods for dynamically creating resource packages from vanilla resource packages. When Mojang updates a resource package, the only thing that needs to be done is to fix some naming issues and then re-run this program to rebuild the entire package. This project is based on a programmer's mindset, not an artist's mindset, because I am a programmer. This project prefers to describe each texture modification in code rather than a bunch of Photoshop files. So obviously, this project may not be understood by most resource pack creators.

## Style

This resource pack generator is for my tastes. I am a redstone player, not a builder or PVP player. Therefore, the focus of this project is to show redstone status and facilitate building redstone machines.

This resource pack has:

### Marked Block

* Slight border for common used blocks which also easily be confused when counting, such as cobblestone, bamboo block series and etc.
  - All tree block, including log, wood, planks, no matter stripped
  - All stone block, such as cobblestone.
* Significant border for all ore block.
  - Deepslate ore and nether ore also has border.
  - Ancient debries will have a animated shiny border.
  - Raw ore block (such as raw iron block crafted by 9 raw iron) also have border. Because they may appear in vein.

### Redstone

* More simple redstone wire and intensity shown.
* Redstone block status display.
  - Discern piston and sticky piston.
  - Repeater, comparator level and status.
  - Dispenser, observer status.
  - Door, trap door, button, pressure plate, lever.
* Leaf decay level.
* Music box tone and instrument.
* Cauldron, composter, beehive, bee nest level.

### Misc

* Massively modification of bedrock and netherrack to let them look not dizzy in world.
* Red border for infested blocks to let player know do not dig them.
* Border for sus sand.

## Dependencies

* Python (Python 3.10 suggested)
* PIL package

## Usage

Todo...

## Credit and License

This project combines the resource pack designs of 2 Minecraft players: Xe\_Kr's Redstone Display (Xe\_Kr红石显示) and hsds' HuYanDaBuWan (hsds护眼大补丸).

These 2 resource packs have their own licenses. So please note this project is **NOT** a **FREE** project. Redistribute the resource pack generated by this project is **ILLEGAL** and may be prosecuted by Xe\_Kr or hsds. I also will not publish any pre-built binary resource packs. This project do not take any warranty of any kind. In no event shall I be liable for any claim, damages or otherliability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

This program is for my personal use and uploading only for the purpose of sharing my ideas for implementation.
